Document .NET 11 `ChangeToken.OnChange` async-overload rebinding behavior (#55214)
dotnet/docs: docs/core/compatibility/extensions/11/changetoken-onchange-async-overloads-rebind-callbacks.md

---
title: "Breaking change: ChangeToken.OnChange async overloads rebind existing Task-returning callbacks"
description: "Learn about the breaking change in .NET 11 where new ChangeToken.OnChange async overloads can change overload binding for existing async callbacks."
ms.date: 08/03/2026
ai-usage: ai-assisted
---

# ChangeToken.OnChange async overloads rebind existing Task-returning callbacks

> Starting in .NET 11, <xref:Microsoft.Extensions.Primitives.ChangeToken.OnChange*> adds async callback overloads. After you recompile against .NET 11, existing calls that pass an `async` lambda or a `Task`-returning callback can silently bind to a different overload and behave differently at run time.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Starting in .NET 11, <xref:Microsoft.Extensions.Primitives.ChangeToken.OnChange*> adds async callback overloads. After you recompile against .NET 11, existing calls that pass an `async` lambda or a `Task`-returning callback can silently bind to a different overload and behave differently at runtime.
```
